Improve API Docs (#135)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata: xmldata-ballerina/Module.md

> ## Module Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

> This module provides functions to perform the conversion between `xml` and `json`. It provides APIs to convert a natural representation of data in XML into a natural representation of data in JSON and vice-versa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This module provides functions to perform conversions between `xml` and `json`. It provides APIs to convert natural representations of data in XML into natural representations of data in JSON and vice-versa.
```
